what up gamers it's a boy Maddie Mac and
you know what I got that's right it's an
educational video about grand theft auto
san andreas if you dig check out my
other san andreas stuff at majano calm /
san andreas walkthrough got some to say
or a top game you want to see found me
out on twitter that's at video games no
don't you know what to do wait comment
and subscribe peace
hey CJ you made it mr. Venice hey Carl
hey baby nice ride man that's no carucha
you sure you want to risk that baby yeah
I'm sure how much they talking about
these are cast your beasts up in the pod
Misawa saying then you pull up in race
my first past the post winds gonna enjoy
ah ok for Shawn damn hey watch ICJ these
boys don't like to lose hey dear well me
either follow me to the race dude
hey keep up wolves
not far now way
come on crop on us
oh my shit
d
yes
Oh
you